# Artificial Intelligence in Business Process in Management

Archi is a free, open source, cross-platform tool and editor to create ArchiMate models. Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central. Activiti is a light-weight workflow and Business Process Management (BPM) Platform targeted at business people, developers and system admins. Orienteer is Business Application Platform. Bonita empowers organizations with cutting-edge BPA. Learn to automate complex, multi-step business processes by creating specialized AI agent teams using the open-source library crewAI. Obsei is a low code AI powered automation tool. It can be used in various business flows like social listening, AI based alerting, brand image analysis, comparative study and more. Pipedream is an integration platform for developers. Tridion Open Data Framework based on OData standard. At the core of the Flowable products are fast, modern process and case management and rules engines that are open source and fully support the BPMN, CMMN, and DMN open standards. Airbyte is a data integration platform. jOOQ library that generates Java code from your database metadata. Hibernate ORM. Zato is a platform that lets you automate, integrate and orchestrate business systems, APIs, workflows as well as hardware assets in industries such as airports, defense, health care, telecommunications, financial services and more. Apache NiFi is a visual data flow based system which performs data routing, transformation and system mediation logic on data between sources or endpoints. SQLines Database Migration Tools. n8n is a workflow automation platform. dbt enables data analysts to transform their data. Flyway is a database-migration tool. Apache DolphinScheduler is the modern data orchestration platform. Embulk is a parallel bulk data loader. Apache SeaweedFS is a fast distributed storage system. Oryx 2 lambda architecture on Apache Spark, Kafka for real-time large scale machine learning. Business Simulation Library (BSL) is a Modelica library for modeling and simulation of dynamical systems

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.